incubator: add description for "PingCAP Incubator Program" (#100)
pingcap/community: incubator/projects-approval-criteria.md

# Projects Approval Criteria

Every Incubation project has an associated maturity level. Proposed Incubation projects should state their preferred maturity level. A vote is required for a project to be accepted as sandbox, incubating or graduated.

## Existing Code

New projects can be spun off from the main repository of existing projects to allow projects to iterate or release independently. Take [pingcap/parser](https://github.com/pingcap/parser) as an example. As long as it gets more than 2 PMC votes, it can be directly used as a graduated project.

Part of the following maturity criteria is referred to [CII Best Practices](https://bestpractices.coreinfrastructure.org/en)

## Sandbox Stage

- The project must be designed to extend the functionality or capabilities of one or more existing PingCAP projects

> - Project name must be unique among PingCAP projects

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The project name must be unique among PingCAP projects
```

> - The following basic project information are required, including: README, OWNERS, CONTRIBUTING

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Has basic project information files, including README, OWNERS, CONTRIBUTING
```

> - With a license statement (Apache 2)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Has a license statement (Apache 2)
```

> - The source code is stored on Github, issue tracking is done by GitHub/ issues, and code submission needs to be done by GitHub/Pull Request

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The source code is stored on Github. Issue tracking is done via GitHub/issues, and code submission via GitHub/Pull Request.
```

> - Have an automated continuous integration test infrastructure (CI)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Has an automated continuous integration test infrastructure (CI)
```

- Approved by 2 or more PMC members

## Incubating Stage

> - Has at least 1 user in a production environment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Has at least 1 user applying the project in a production environment
```

- Has clear documentation describing committer definitions, rights and obligations
- Has at least 3 active committers and 5 contributors. A continuous commit history is also required.
- Basic user documentation
- A clear plan for Roadmap and next version, which can be described by github milestone or documentation

## Graduation Stage

To graduate from sandbox or incubating status, or for a new project to join as a graduated project, a project must meet the incubating stage criteria plus:

- A detailed user documentation and basic reference manuals are required 
- Committers from more than two organizations
- Comply with PingCAP Code of Conduct

> - Have a clear process for becoming a Committer, with basic community governance documentation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Has a clear member promotion path, with a basic community governance documentation
```

> - A user list with at least 3 users applied the project in a production environment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A user list with at least 3 users applying the project in a production environment
```

# Projects Approval Criteria

Every Incubation project has an associated maturity level. Proposed Incubation projects should state their preferred maturity level. A vote is required for a project to be accepted into the corresponding maturity stage - Sandbox, Incubating, or Graduated.

## Existing Code

> New projects can be spun off from the main repository of existing projects to allow projects to iterate or release independently. Take [pingcap/parser](https://github.com/pingcap/parser) as an example. As long as it gets more than 2 PMC votes, it can be directly used as a graduated project.

Author: According to our discussion last time, 2 votes should be enough. @winkyao @zz-jason or the majority of the PMC?

> New projects can be spun off from the main repository of existing projects to allow projects to iterate or release independently. Take [pingcap/parser](https://github.com/pingcap/parser) as an example. As long as it gets more than 2 PMC votes, it can be directly used as a graduated project.

Reviewer: This has to do with our voting or decision-making process - because we only mention about the supermajority pass in Governance.

Part of the following maturity criteria are inspired by [CII Best Practices](https://bestpractices.coreinfrastructure.org/en):

## Sandbox Stage

- The project must be designed to extend the functionality or capabilities of one or more existing PingCAP projects
- The project name must be unique among PingCAP projects
- Has basic project information files, including README, OWNERS, CONTRIBUTING
- Has a license statement (Apache 2)

> - Comply with PingCAP Code of conduct

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Comply with [PingCAP Code of conduct](https://github.com/pingcap/community/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)
```
